# SP Google Maps

## Description

**SP Google Maps** is a lightweight plugin for creating google maps with street view for your WordPress Site. You can create unlimited map with this plugin. and the user can also calculate the route to your place from your website based on `Google Maps` and `HTML5's Geo-Location API`

**This is a easy to use plugin includes:**

*   Create <u>Unlimited</u> Maps
*   Native ShortCode Support
*   Google Maps Preview in New Maps Page For Pick The Marker Location From The Map
*   Also Have Google Street View With `Point of View` Calculation Function.
*   Google Maps Style API Supported.
*   Route Calculator On Map Page
*   Translation Ready

**Limitation & Upcoming Features:**

*   Uses Google Maps JavaScript (Experimental) API V3
*   This Version Doesn't Have Support For API Key. Which is not Required For Google Maps JavaScript API V3 But Recommended ([Source](https://developers.google.com/maps/signup)). This Feature Will Be Available In Next Update.
*   Can't Use Multiple Maps in Same Page or Post. This will be fixed in next update.
*   No support for custom css. This will be available in next update
*   For Infowindow use the post content editor in text mode; you can use html but some charecter ":" and new line charecter Generated by wordpress may breake the javascript. Prepare your info window markup as a single line html. We are trying to fix this bug as soon as possible.

**Contribute To This Plugin**

You can contribute to this plugin by your valuable suggestions, comments. Please check the Git Repo for code. Code help is highly appriciated

Our Git Ripo for this Plugin [SP Google Maps](https://github.com/Kudratullah/SP-Google-Maps)

## Installation:

This section describes how to install the plugin and get it working:

`1\. Download & unzip to WordPress plugin directory. 2\. Login to WordPress admin panel and active the plugin. 3\. A new menu item [SP Google Maps] will appear under [Pages].`

## Upgrade:

`1\. Deactivate WP-LinkCheck. 2\. Download the latest WP-LinkCheck , unzip and over write the old files. 3\. Activate WP-LinkCheck. **--OR--** Simple using Wordpress automatic upgrade.`

## Frequently Asked Questions

There are no FAQ yet. Please check the Description

## Screenshots

1\. Create And Publish A New Map 2\. Publish The Map In A Page Or Post 3\. Maps Preview

## Changelog

= 1.0 = Initial Release.